# Official SilentDragon Release Notes

SilentDragon release notes were done on Github until 1.0.0
and now are officially part of our Gitea repo at https://git.hush.is/hush/silentdragon

## Downloading Releases

Hush releases are on our own Gitea at <a href="https://git.hush.is/">git.hush.is</a>
and no longer on Github, since they banned Duke Leto and
also because they censor many people around the world and work with
evil organizations.

# SilentDragon 1.4.0 "Zany Zooid"

```
 95 files changed, 8438 insertions(+), 60854 deletions(-)
```

  * Ability to view block info for any height #103
  * Support a proxy running on something other than 127.0.0.1 #127
  * Bug fix for Windows file path when exporting #128
  * Bug fix for `listtransactions` to display more than 10 mining reward txs in Transactions tab #126
  * Now compiles on Ubuntu 20.04 thanks to jahway #125
  * Translation fixes thanks to onryo #120
  * Single set of translations for SD and SDX #122

# SilentDragon 1.3.1 "Omnicompetent Okapi"

```
 233 files changed, 77483 insertions(+), 16095 deletions(-)
```

  * SD is now able to be a GUI wallet for ZdeeX, which is called SilentZdeeX (SDX).
    * This is the very first GUI wallet for a Hush Smart Chain and we believe ZdeeX users will really enjoy it.
  * SDX also includes a Mining tab which allows users to mine via a GUI, no more CLI required to mine!
  * The mining tab has been translated into:
    * Chinese (ZH)
    * German (DE)
    * Russian (RU)
    * Spanish (ES)
    * Ukrainian (UK)
  * You now can choose a language translation while the wallet is running in Settings. You no longer need to use the same language as the operating system uses. All currently supported translations are options in a dropdown list.
  * New icons for for different kinds of transactions in the Transaction tab
  * Previously only port 9050 was supported for proxying via Tor. This would not work with any custom port, or with Tor Browser which uses port 9150. SD now supports a custom proxy port and supports being used with the Tor proxy provided with Tor Browser. This means users can install Tor via a GUI use a Hush GUI wallet with Tor, without ever using the CLI
  * SD now gives options to view or copy link to a transaction on a Tor block explorer
  * A customized Tor explorer URL can now be set in Settings
  * Rescan progress will now be reported in the status bar
  * Pairing to the old SilentDragonAndroid (SDA) app has been removed. The new SDA does not need to pair to a desktop wallet.
  * Various fixes to support Mac systems with embedded hushd
  * Rescan from an arbitrary block height without restarting
  * Get a QR code by right-clicking on a zaddr and optionally save to disk
  * Make it easier to reply to a memo
  * Fix coredump when going to Settings during a rescan
  * Ability to manually ban a node, unban a node, or unban all nodes
  * More efficiently check for new transactions
  * Add HUSH logo to QR codes
  * "Report a Bug" menu item now goes to our Telegram Support group

# SilentDragon 1.3.0 "Berserk Bonnacon"

```
 60 files changed, 4328 insertions(+), 1568 deletions(-)
```

  * :tada: New Polish translation ( @onryo )
  * This release of SD is only compatible with hushd 3.9.0 or later, which is a mandatory update
    * Older Hush full nodes will not be compatible with the Hush network going forward
  * New shinier startup animation by Dan S ( https://twitter.com/Dan\_MGDesign )
  * When right-clicking on a zaddr, there are now two new menu options
  * Shield all mining funds to this zaddr (z_shieldcoinbase)
    * Use this if you are a solo miner who mined full blocks to a taddr
    * Only 50 blocks will be shielded at a time. If you have more, run this multiple times.
  * Shield all non-mining taddr funds to this zaddr (z_mergetoaddress)
    * Use this if you have an old wallet with funds in taddrs
    * Only 50 utxos (transactions) will be shielded at a time. If you  have more, run this multiple times.
  * SD now looks for Hush full node data in `~/.hush/HUSH3` but still supports the legacy location
  * The About screen now reports the version of QT5 being used
  * In the case of an exception, the default currency will be set to BTC instead of USD
  * SD includes its version number in autogenerated HUSH3.conf config files
